More link fixes, fix flow images, re-rame mdx to md, other fixes (#284)
betaflight/betaflight.com: docs/wiki/guides/archive/GPS-Rescue-Mode.md

**REQUIREMENTS**

- GPS is required. The recommended models are Ublox m8n variants. This has been tested with 18x18mm m8n units, the Beitian BN 880 and other similar models.
- **Accelerometer must be enabled and properly calibrated**, Rescue Mode needs it to keep the quad leveled. Set up `ANGLE` mode, test fly, and confirm the hover is level and stable. GPS Rescue uses angle mode. If this is not working properly GPS Rescue will be unable to recover, and your quad may fly in the wrong direction.
- Barometer is optional but recommended. We have tested with both on-board and external (i2c) units.
- **This mode does not require a compass but will use one if available.**
- **3D mode is not supported.** If you have the 3D feature enabled GPS Rescue will be disabled.

**DISCLAIMER**:

- This is an experimental feature.
- Use with extreme caution.
- This documentation WILL change so check this page often.
- Unless stated otherwise, this documentation refers to the last stable release (currently BF4.0)
- If you plan on using this as a failsafe method you should ABSOLUTELY enable sanity checks!

## Setting up GPS Rescue

> In order to set up GPS Rescue on your quad, it is highly recommended that you follow the complete setup procedure from scratch. This procedure is meant for practicing in a controlled environment and fully understanding the behaviour and limitations of GPS Rescue. Using GPS Rescue out of the box (copying someone else's configuration) will diminish the chances of sucwcess.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to set up GPS Rescue on your quad, it is highly recommended that you follow the complete setup procedure from scratch. This procedure is meant for practicing in a controlled environment and fully understanding the behavior and limitations of GPS Rescue. Using GPS Rescue out of the box (copying someone else's configuration) will diminish the chances of success.
```
